Add native config doc for testcafe (#307)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/testrunner-toolkit/configuration/testcafe.md

    platformName: "Windows 10"
```

### `screenResolution`

<p><small><Highlight color="#ad1415">sauce cloud only</Highlight></small><a href="/testrunner-toolkit/running-tests#test-on-sauce-labs">ℹ</a></p>

__Description__: Set browser window screen resolution.

__Type__: *string*

__Example__:
```yaml
    screenResolution: "1920x1080"
```

### `disableScreenshots`

> __Description__: Prevents TestCafe from taking screenshots. [See link in Testcafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#disablescreenshots).

Reviewer: Is there any value in calling out that the default setting is false?

Author: No value is set by default actually according to testcafe documentation. If it's not set, it should use default value for boolean. In most cases, it's `false`.

> __Description__: Prevents TestCafe from taking screenshots. [See link in Testcafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#disablescreenshots).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Prevents TestCafe from taking screenshots. [Testcafe `disableScreenshots` definition](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#disablescreenshots).
```

__Type__: *boolean*

__Example__:
```yaml
  disableScreenshots: true
```

### `tsConfigPath`

> __Description__: The absolute or relative path to the TypeScript configuration file. Relative paths are resolved against the current directory (the directory from which you run TestCafe).

Reviewer: Is "current directory" the same as the `rootDir` setting?

Author: It should be different. This config field should be related to typescript config file while rootDir is for the whole testing project.

__Type__: *string*

__Example__:
```yaml
  tsConfigPath: /path/to/file
```

### `clientScripts`

> __Description__: Injects scripts into all pages visited during the test. [See link in Testcafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/test-api/fixture/clientscripts.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Injects scripts into all pages visited during the test. [TestCafe `clientscripts` definition](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/test-api/fixture/clientscripts.html).
```

Author: ok!

> __Type__: *object*

Reviewer: Since you can provide multiple values, would this be an array?

Author: yep. You're right. updating.

__Example__:
```yaml
  clientScripts: ["/path/to/file1", "/path/to/file2"]
```

### `skipJsErrors`

> __Description__: Ignores JavaScript errors on a webpage. [See link in Testcafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#skipjserrors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Ignores JavaScript errors on a webpage. [Testcafe `skipjserrors` definition](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#skipjserrors).
```

__Type__: *boolean*

__Example__:
```yaml
  skipJsErrors: true
```

### `quarantineMode`

> __Description__: Enables the quarantine mode for tests that fail. [See link in Testcafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#quarantinemode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Enables the quarantine mode for tests that fail. [Testcafe `quarantinemode` definition](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#quarantinemode).
```

__Type__: *boolean*

__Example__:
```yaml
  quarantineMode: true
```

### `skipUncaughtErrors`

> __Description__: Ignores uncaught errors and unhandled promise rejections in test code. [See link in Testcafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#skipUncaughtErrors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Ignores uncaught errors and unhandled promise rejections in test code. [Testcafe `skipUncaughtErrors` definition](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#skipUncaughtErrors).
```

__Type__: *boolean*

__Example__:
```yaml
  skipUncaughtErrors: true
```

### `selectorTimeout`

> __Description__: Specifies the time (in milliseconds) within which selectors attempt to return a node. [See link in Testcafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#selectorTimeout`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Specifies the time (in milliseconds) within which selectors attempt to return a node.  [Testcafe `selectorTimeout` definition](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#selectorTimeout`).
```

__Type__: *int*

__Example__:
```yaml
  selectorTimeout: 1000
```

### `assertionTimeout`

> __Description__: Specifies the time (in milliseconds) TestCafe attempts to successfully execute an assertion if a selector property or a client function was passed as an actual value. [See link in Testcafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#assertionTimeout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Specifies the time (in milliseconds) TestCafe attempts to successfully execute an assertion if a selector property or a client function was passed as an actual value. [Testcafe `assertionTimeout` definition](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#assertionTimeout).
```

__Type__: *int*

__Example__:
```yaml
  assertionTimeout: 1000
```

### `pageLoadTimeout`

> __Description__: Specifies the time (in milliseconds) passed after the DOMContentLoaded event, within which TestCafe waits for the window.load event to fire. [See link in Testcafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#pageLoadTimeout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Specifies the time (in milliseconds) passed after the DOMContentLoaded event, within which TestCafe waits for the `window.load` event to fire. [Testcafe `pageLoadTimeout` definition](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#pageLoadTimeout).
```

__Type__: *int*

__Example__:
```yaml
  pageLoadTimeout: 1000
```

> ### `stopOnFirstFail`

Reviewer: Does this setting conflict with `quaratineMode` if they are both set to true, or does this one only take effect if the test is still determined as failing after quaratineMode is executed?

Author: I'm not sure actually 🤔 These fields are all from testcafe config. I'd assume the customer should have known what they want to do when setting these parameters.

> __Description__: Stops a test run if a test fails. [See link in Testcafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#stopOnFirstFail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Stops a test run if a test fails. [Testcafe `stopOnFirstFail` definition](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#stopOnFirstFail).
```

__Type__: *boolean*

__Example__:
```yaml
  stopOnFirstFail: true
```

### `disablePageCaching`

> __Description__: Prevents the browser from caching page content. [See link in Testcafe](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#disablePageCaching).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Prevents the browser from caching page content. [Testcafe `disablePageCaching` definition](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#disablePageCaching).
```

__Type__: *boolean*

__Example__:
```yaml
  disablePageCaching: true
```

> ### `disableScreenshots`

Reviewer: This is a duplicate? `disableScreenshots` is the first TestCafe config.

Author: yep. just removed this one.
